Update calendar.md (#12748)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/calendar.md

## Configuration

> In managed apps you must add the following permissions to your app.json to use `Calendar`. Android requires [Permissions.CALENDAR](permissions#permissionscalendar) and iOS requires [Permissions.REMINDERS](permissions#permissionsreminders).

Author: Thanks for the feedback, I've amended it again in both locations now taking into account your point about expo-permissions being deprecated.

## Configuration

> You must add following permissions to your `app.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must add the following permissions to your `app.json`.
```

> In managed apps you must add following permissions to your `app.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must add following permissions to your `app.json`.
```
we can configure these permissions for you in bare as well 😄

Author: Good to know, I've only been working in managed work flow so don't pay too much attention to the dark side :)

- Android requires `READ_CALENDAR` & `WRITE_CALENDAR` inside the `expo.android.permissions` array.

> - IOS requires `NSRemindersUsageDescription` key added to `expo.ios.infoPlist` with a string value describing the permission request to end users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- iOS requires the `NSRemindersUsageDescription` key be added to `expo.ios.infoPlist` with a string value describing the reason for the permission request.
```
